androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_SavedDealsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_SavedDealsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/FragmentStoreBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.FragmentStoreBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/repository/DefaultRepository_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.repository.DefaultRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.Hilt_MainActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_GameDealActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_GameDealActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_SavedDealViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_SavedDealViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SavedDealViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SavedDealViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/Hilt_GameDealActivity.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.Hilt_GameDealActivity
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SettingsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SettingsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameStoreViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameStoreViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_StoreFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_StoreFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModule
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/SavedDealsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.SavedDealsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SavedDealViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SavedDealViewModel_HiltModule
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/Hilt_StoreFragment.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.Hilt_StoreFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameStoreViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameStoreViewModel_AssistedFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_activities_SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SettingsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SettingsViewModel_HiltModule
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/CustomToastBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.CustomToastBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/BR.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.BR
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/Hilt_SettingsActivity.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.Hilt_SettingsActivity
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameDealViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameDealViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/database/GameDatabase_Impl.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDatabase_Impl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDatabase_Impl$1
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/SavedGameItemBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.SavedGameItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_GameFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_fragments_GameFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/di/AppModule_ProvideDataStoreFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.di.AppModule_ProvideDataStoreFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/BuildConfig.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.BuildConfig
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/Hilt_BaseApplication.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.Hilt_BaseApplication
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.Hilt_BaseApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameDealViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameDealViewModel_HiltModule
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/GameFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.GameFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameDealViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameDealViewModel_AssistedFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_SettingsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_SettingsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/database/GameDAO_Impl.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$1
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$10
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$11
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$12
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$13
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$14
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$15
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$16
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$17
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$18
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$19
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$2
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$3
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$4
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$5
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$6
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$7
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$8
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.database.GameDAO_Impl$9
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/GameStoreViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.GameStoreViewModel_HiltModule
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/StoreFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.StoreFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/Hilt_SavedDealsFragment.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.Hilt_SavedDealsFragment
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_GameStoreViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_GameStoreViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/GameDealActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.GameDealActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/di/AppModule_ProvideGameDaoFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.di.AppModule_ProvideGameDaoFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ActivityGameDealBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ActivityGameDealBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/FragmentgamelayoutBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.FragmentgamelayoutBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/di/AppModule_ProvideMainRepositoryFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.di.AppModule_ProvideMainRepositoryFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/FragmentSavedDealsBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.FragmentSavedDealsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_GameDealViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_dbtechprojects_gamedeals_ui_viewmodels_GameDealViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/GameItemBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.GameItemBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/fragments/Hilt_GameFragment.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.fragments.Hilt_GameFragment
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SettingsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SettingsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/di/AppModule_ProvideGameApiFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.di.AppModule_ProvideGameApiFactory
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.di.AppModule_ProvideGameApiFactory$InstanceHolder
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/activities/BaseApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.activities.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/ui/viewmodels/SavedDealViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.ui.viewmodels.SavedDealViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ActivityHelpBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ActivityHelpBinding
com/dbtechprojects/gamedeals/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.dbtechprojects.gamedeals.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
